How to category server works ?

	Category server operated with data converted by categoryloader.pl
	Servel listen at port udp/6510 and wait for domain name.
	After analyze domain name server return some categories for requested domain

How to use category loader ?

	-h : Shows help page

	-c : Clear current database before loading data
	     If you already have a database this option delete current database
	     and create a new one database

	-v : Verbose procedures
	     This option add output about current operations with database.

	-V : Verbose converting process
	     This option show detailde debug info for each line of input file or
	     directory

	-f <filename>  : use file with domains info in format "domain:category"
	     You can use list of domains putted to file. You can use format
	     "domain:category" for define categories per line for each domain.
	     One domain can be defined multiple times with many categories, one
	     category per line. If you have a file contains domain names, then
	     use -r option for define category.

	-d <directory> : use directory with category directories.
	     You can use bulk load into category server. Just create a directory
	     tree, where directory is category name and file named "domains"
	     contain list of domains for this category

	-r <name> : use category name instead defined in <filename>
	     If you need override current defined category in <filename>
	     or <directory>, you can use own category <name> for each record in
	     listfiles.
	
	-w <directory> : work directory for database files
	     You can set work directory for store database files.

	-s : get some statistics for current database
	     This options show current records and types count in database.

	-t : show types list (Must be used with -s)
	     With -s option you can see a list of categories which used in your
	     database.

	-k : show md5 domain list (Must be used with -s)
	     With -s option you can see md5hashes for each domain imported to
	     category server and types assigned for this domain

	-p : use pid file path instead default '/var/tmp/catserver.pid'
	
	-R : send HANGUP signal to PID defined in pidfile(-p) option.
	     Use this option after adding or delete any data to/from database.

Example:
	./categoryloader.pl -s -V -t -f categorytest.txt


How to run category server ?

	When category server(catserver.pl) starts, it uses files created by
	categoryloader.pl. You can redefine work directory with -w option,
	where category server can find work files.
	Use ./catserver.pl -h for get some help

How to test category server ?

	Run ./categoryloader.pl -s -V -t -f categorytest.txt
	In one terminal run ./catserver.pl -d(for daemonize) or ./catserver.pl -v
	(for debugging). At second terminal type:
	echo 'siski.cn' | ./testfilter.pl

	You should see next info:
	Server localhost domain siski.cn answer adult;malware

	If you see this line, then category server works normally.

